Speaker 1 (00:03):
And

Speaker 2 (00:03):
Start simulation.

Speaker 3 (00:07):
Hi everyone. So today we're gonna go over our three classroom norms. So our first one is being a good listener. Can anyone raise their hand and tell me what it means to be a good listener? Yeah, Emily.

Speaker 2 (00:25):
Um, it means like not talking when other people are talking and waiting your turn.

Speaker 3 (00:31):
Very good. Yeah, it does. It means waiting our turn when other people are talking just like I did to Emily. Emily was talking and I waited until she finished to say what I needed to say. Does anyone else, can anyone else think of things that would make us feel business

Speaker 2 (00:46):
Topic? You for your, your science.

Speaker 3 (00:50):
Anna?

Speaker 2 (00:50):
I don't need any help. Emily. Business.

Speaker 3 (01:04):
Huh? Now guys, what we just saw there was not being a very good listener. So see I was talking and I was asking

Speaker 2 (01:13):
Question.

Speaker 3 (01:18):
Thats to the second rule of being good listener. So a second rule being a good listener is maintaining eye contact with a speaker. So we can't maintain eye contact if we are looking at our phones. That's why we need to put away our phones and look up and maintain eye contact. Okay, let's move on to our second rule classroom norm. Our second one is to use our manners. That means we

Speaker 2 (01:44):
Should say, oh, I can, um, I can take all the notes for the, um, classroom norms. I was described last year in my, um, class. So I can get my pen out. Take the notes if you want me to. Teacher. You want me to write everything

Speaker 3 (01:56):
That, that's great. Carlos, you can take notes, but remember what? I just being good. So I'm speaking right now. So we're gonna all listen to me until I ask a question and then you wanna answer the question. You raise your hand. Okay. Awesome. So to use our manners, that means that we have to say please and thank you. When people

Speaker 2 (02:15):
Shut. What bothering me. You're getting me in trouble.

Speaker 3 (02:19):
Okay, shut means

Speaker 2 (02:24):
Shut up. Nina. Shut up. I don't wanna hear it. Leave me alone.

Speaker 3 (02:32):
Um, <laugh>. So we're using our manners. So that means that not only would we need to say please and thank you, we also need to be nice to our peers and our classmates. So that means we need to use nice words like, could you please not talk to me at this moment instead of other mean words that might make us seem like we're mad at them. Okay? So then let's go on to our third classroom norm. So that's being respectful to our environment. So being respectful to our environment means that we, we respect our classroom and we wanna keep it clean. So how can we keep our classroom clean? Can someone raise their hand and tell me,

Speaker 2 (03:05):
Um, are we gonna talk about the science fair? Cause I have my topic ready? Carlos,

Speaker 3 (03:10):
Remember we raise our hands. Questions? Sure. You approve? Okay. So did we have any suggestions for how we can respect our classroom? Anyone? Well, here I have a suggestion. Um, if we drop

Speaker 2 (03:27):
I do, I do.

Speaker 3 (03:28):
Oh, will yeah, go ahead.

Speaker 2 (03:31):
Um, keep everything clean on our desks. Like, um, like clean up after you're finished with your work.

Speaker 3 (03:39):
Very good. Yeah, that means keeping our desk clean and clear because if we have a really clutter desk, it can be hard to do work. What if we see a piece of trash on the floor and it's not our trash? We didn't put it there. What do we do?

Speaker 2 (03:55):
Oh, why are we doing this? This is boring.

Speaker 3 (04:00):
Okay, so yeah, Jayla, I understand that you think this is a little boring and I know it can get tedious, but we have to go over these rules so that way we have a good classroom environment. So if I see a piece of trash on the floor, even if I didn't make that trash, I'm not gonna make a class. And it's not mine. I'm not picking

Speaker 2 (04:16):
Is you we're coming this weekend. I already have a topic.

Speaker 3 (04:24):
So Mina, this is our classroom, right? So Mina, if you see trash on the porch, what would you do?

Speaker 2 (04:32):
Nina? Be quiet. You're distracting me and I don't like it.

Speaker 3 (04:37):
And see, that was, I'm very glad example of using our manners. So instead of saying mean words to Mina, when she distracted him, he kindly told her that she was distracting him and he wanted her to stop. So that was a very good job. Will I thank you for that. So if we see trash on the floor, even if it's not ours, we pick it up and we keep it clean. And those are our three classroom, uh, norms. Okay, so who wants to tell me about what they did this weekend?

Speaker 2 (05:08):
An end.

