Speaker 1 (00:01):
Sure

Speaker 2 (00:05):
Begin simulation.

Speaker 1 (00:09):
Good morning class. Hi. Hello <laugh>. Um, I miss Sophie, and today we're going to be discussing our behavioral expectations for this semester. So before we start this conversation, I'm just gonna set some ground rules of how this is gonna go. So this is an open conversation and I'm really excited to hear about what you guys are wanting to have our classroom look like. But as a reminder, when someone else is talking, we have open ears. And so in order to be the most successful in the classroom, how do we as a class need to behave? Does someone have some

Speaker 2 (00:50):
Original, we talked about you participating more, not gonna listen to you

Speaker 1 (00:59):
If we have something to say. I think one way that you can tell me that you have something to say is by raising,

Speaker 2 (01:05):
I'm just urging. Well, to participate.

Speaker 1 (01:08):
Does anyone wanna raise their hands and say something that they're looking about? Um, what you need to be successful to me.

Speaker 2 (01:16):
I'm sorry.

Speaker 1 (01:18):
Anyone.

Speaker 2 (01:18):
I keep getting text from my, my mom. Sorry.

Speaker 1 (01:25):
So when we're having this discussion, we talked about having open ears and quiet mouth and a lot about that is so that we can respect one another and we are respectful by each other by having and quiet mouth

Speaker 2 (01:40):
Gonna ask, um, are we gonna, um, like do like, um, science experiment this year? You think so? Like I was, cause I, I put together like some fake volcanoes over the holidays. It's gotta inspire.

Speaker 1 (01:55):
So Carlos, thank you so much for sharing that. But right now, volcano actually gonna be doing about what our expectation of the class. Cause I think sometimes it's hard to realize what we, what we want without talking about it. So then we're all on the same page. So does anyone have an idea how we want to,

Speaker 2 (02:11):
You need act. You need to be told what to do. People are passing, you're passing passive.

Speaker 1 (02:17):
Nina And Will. It sounds like you guys are having a private conversation which isn't really following the original ground rules that I've placed in the beginning about having open ears and quiet mouths. So if you wanna have that conversation, oh,

Speaker 2 (02:31):
We can have one later. So that's what

Speaker 1 (02:32):
I need to ask. Wait, Carlos, I'm sorry I'm speaking. Oh, thank you. Okay, thank you. Sure. Okay, so if you wanna have that conversation later, you can definitely have it with me. But right now we're working on behavioral expectations, so I would really love to hear from you what you guys, some brown rules you wanna have in the classroom. Jayla or Emily, I haven't really heard you guys speak so much today, but do you have any expectations you've been thinking

Speaker 2 (02:55):
Of? Um, I think like, uh, no cell phones. No cell.

Speaker 1 (03:00):
That's a good idea. Okay. Why?

Speaker 2 (03:02):
Um, it could be super disruptive.

Speaker 1 (03:05):
Mm, okay. Okay. Definitely. So I'm gonna write that down. So no cell phones from Jayla

Speaker 2 (03:10):
Science Fair? That's what I was thinking. Okay. Do you think we could do like a science fair typing machine? What do you thinking? So

Speaker 1 (03:16):
How does that relate to our, our behavioral expectations for being in the classroom? So I like

Speaker 2 (03:22):
That idea. I dunno, I was thinking like, um, things that would get us excited, which is sort of a form of behavior.

Speaker 1 (03:27):
Yeah. So I love that idea of excitement. So I think there's a lot of different ways to incorporate excitement into the classroom. And so I, but having like that, you know, being excited to walk into the classroom is definitely a good way. And we can talk about later how we're gonna incorporate excitement. Does anyone else, Emily, will or Mina any behavioral expectations we know we need to have in our classroom?

Speaker 2 (03:48):
Um, well, hmm, I mean this is boring. Why are we doing this? I'm sorry.

Speaker 1 (03:56):
No, that's a fair question, Jayla. So we're doing this so that we can have some ground rules and expectations in order so that we can be the most successful students that we can meet. And in order to be successful, we need to know how we're supposed to behave and some, um, like what expectations we have for ourselves and for our friends. Um, so that does fair enough question, Jayla.

Speaker 2 (04:18):
That's all good. Cool.

Speaker 1 (04:19):
Thank you. So any other, so right now we have some behavioral expectations is to bring excitement and passion into the classroom. Another one is, um, quiet cell phones. Well, so Nina, will, I already mentioned earlier that I'm expecting quiet open ears. You have, you have a specific behavioral bothering

Speaker 2 (04:44):
You need. He's threatening me so I I'm not threatening me. You're being bossed.

Speaker 1 (04:48):
You know, will, if you need to separate yourselves and you can't sit next to each other, that's fair. We're right now working on behavioral expectations and part of that, as I've mentioned prior, previously, you need open ears and quiet. So if you can't sit with each other right now, we can, you know, you can move and we'll work on this conversation later. But right now, you know, you're taking a time, um, away. Yeah, <laugh>.

