Speaker 1 (00:01):
Begin simulation.

Speaker 2 (00:03):
Hello class. How are you guys today?

Speaker 1 (00:06):
Hi, teacher. Good.

Speaker 2 (00:09):
Hello, Jayla. Okay, so today we're work on reviewing our classroom norms that we earlier in the year. Um, so the first we're gonna review is that our voices matter so that we can, something that there's multiple parts of this. The first is that we don't talk over each other. We'd rather listen to whoever's talking. So if I'm talking or Nina's talking or Will's talking, we'll listen to them instead of trying to talk over each

Speaker 1 (00:36):
Other. Well, you need to listen to the teacher. I am listening to the teacher. You need to sit up straight. I am sitting up straight. Mina

Speaker 2 (00:48):
In the Mina. Are you wearing about yourself or are you wearing about will

Speaker 1 (00:54):
Myself. Sorry.

Speaker 2 (00:56):
Thanks. Yeah. It's important to remember that when we talk about our voices mattering, we can also focus on how our words have an impact and our words. You can use them either to build each other up or tear each other down. And as a teacher, it's my job to worry about all of you guys, but as student teachers have to worry about yourself in your lane.

Speaker 1 (01:15):
My mom is sending me a text again. Now I gotta check my text.

Speaker 2 (01:20):
Hey Emily, I know that they're so important to talk to your mom, but can we choose a different time to talk to her? So maybe we could put the phone away for right now.

Speaker 1 (01:27):
Mm-hmm. <affirmative>? Mm-hmm. <affirmative>. Okay.

Speaker 2 (01:30):
Yeah. Another one of our norms that kinda ties into, um, well, we were already talking about, Hey.

Speaker 1 (01:43):
Too late last night. I'm tired.

Speaker 2 (01:47):
No, it's un understandable that you're tired, you're very busy. Can you try to sit up straight and maybe take your legs down so you can wake your body up and then you can

Speaker 1 (01:55):
Rest so much. Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm awake.

Speaker 2 (01:58):
Yeah, you got it. Okay. So our second costume norm is that we'll take care of others. Um, does anybody have any ideas to what this could mean?

Speaker 1 (02:08):
Emily, are you going to jump tomorrow yet? Are you gonna go going?

Speaker 2 (02:19):
We're this weekend right now. Okay. That's all right. Thanks for apologizing. Okay. Who can tell me what it means to take care of others? Does anybody have any ideas? Um, go ahead, Jayla.

Speaker 1 (02:35):
Uh, well like, be kind and like, um, like focus on, you know, everything that you're supposed to be doing. Like focus on yourself and let other people focus on themselves.

Speaker 2 (02:47):
Yeah, exactly. But we can also, something that ties into this is placing others' needs and knowing what they are or trying to anticipate the needs of others and putting them above the needs of ours. So for example, if you're in line at ticket water from the water fountain, you can let somebody go before you if you know that they're running late to something and they have more of a rush than you do. You don't have to do that every

Speaker 3 (03:07):
Somebody. I saw that in the Marvel Movers. Oh gosh. I saw that Ironman movie teacher. It was so good. I love Marvel movies. Oh my gosh.

Speaker 2 (03:18):
I love Marvel movies too. Carlos, can we talk about those at a different time? We just have one more classroom to review. We can do it. Okay. Okay. The last classroom is that we'll take care of our space. So this includes taking care of our supplies and our tools. Also the classroom itself. So we can work to lead it cleaner than we found it. We can go ahead. Emily, what'd you have to share?

Speaker 1 (03:41):
Yeah, I was gonna just, um, say that like, like take care of like your own space and don't touch other people's things.

Speaker 2 (03:49):
Yeah, that's a great point Emily. We want respect that other people's belongings are personal. They may not want us missing with them cause maybe they're special to them or we just want, it's a great opportunity you can share with your friends, but always ask before you touch somebody else's what,

Speaker 1 (04:18):
<affirmative>. Okay.

Speaker 2 (04:19):
Thank you so much. Does anybody have any other things that they think are important to help their learning go well? So if you can think of something that either you can do, your classmates can do, or I can do to help your learning. What is it?

Speaker 1 (04:33):
Uh, this is, this is boring. Why are we doing this again?

Speaker 2 (04:38):
We're doing this so that we can have a productive learning environment. It helps us all learn better. When you talk about expectations, it may not seem really fun right now. Oh yeah. But it'll help our learning to be more fun later. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1 (04:51):
You're right. Okay.

Speaker 2 (04:53):
Can somebody think of an example of what it looks like to follow one of the three classroom norms, which are our voices matter and that we will take care of others and we'll take care of our space. Can somebody can give an example of something they can do?

Speaker 1 (05:05):
Hmm.

Speaker 3 (05:06):
Thank you.

